hey everyone so I thought I would do a
makeup tutorial for you all because I
haven't made one in such a long time and
since i moved i don't really know the
setup yet but my makeup tutorial is
inspired by the show pretty little liars
mainly it's Lucy Hale who I was like
getting my inspiration from mainly
because we have sort of the same eye
shape they're like really big and really
huge and they make her eyes look really
like sultry and dark but without being
overdone like she doesn't have like
super thick black thing a winged
eyeliner she mainly has like brown
eyeliner but it's really smudge and the
main part of this look is just layering
on the eyeshadows and really blending
and just going for like different tones
of brown I name the Browns i use you
don't have to use the same ones i did
just pretty much something along the
same shade to create kind of a depth in
your eye oh and also construction is
going out all around my apartment
they've been doing it for like two weeks
now that's one of the main reasons I
haven't made a video in such a long time
and they only work during the daytime
and at the time I need the lighting to
make video so if you hear like
jackhammers or anything weird like that
that's why I tried to make it when they
were taking their lunch break but I
think I got some of the noise from
outside in my video so excuse that but
let's just get started I've been talking
too much really light kind of champagne
color you don't have to use the colors
I'm using also i'm going to be using a
matte white this is gesso from mac just
on my highlight
so put the matte white just under your
eyebrows now take the champagne color
and put it in the first half your eye
and now I'm going to take this color
it's kind of like stable from Mac it
helps pretty much the same i could use
either one just something similar kind
of a dark mid-tone brown and put that on
the second half and blend it in the
lighter color
now I'm going to take this color it is a
very like dark gray brown with gold
Sparkle take a crease brush and put that
in my crease
now I'm going to take that same dark
color we put in the crease I'm going to
put it underneath my bottom lash line
yet brown eyeliner and I'm using an
urban decay 247 and just line my top
lash line
and then just sort of blend it with your
finger or if you have a brush that you'd
rather use up to you and now the same
dark color that we put in the crease and
we put under the lash line I'm going to
put on a really dense flat brush and I'm
going to blend it over the eyeliner to
really smudge it
now just curl your eyelashes and i will
put fake eyelashes on there's a lot
Orioles out if you don't know how I
haven't made one but um I'll show you
the ones i'm using i actually don't know
what brand they are but they're just
half lashes our dalla makes really good
ones these aren't our dildo on the
numbers for 22 if anyone can figure out
what brand these are
okay so I applied my mascara and I use
the Maybelline the falsies and now I'm
going to do the lips i'm using the viva
glam gaga it's a light pink color your
lips are kind of joy I don't know if you
can tell on camera bars trick ish
delight
you